It's so incredible to think
that Walt started Disney Animation
100 years ago today.
To think of all those talented artists
and wonderful characters
who have been a part of the studio
over the years.
Yep.
If these walls could talk.
Psst! Tink. Tinker Bell. You there?
Is that it? They all gone?
Oh, boy!
Come on, Minnie! This is it!
Let's get the gang!
- Yoo-hoo!
-  There's the signal.
All right, y'all!
It's picture time.
- That's tonight?
- That's now.
100-year group photo.
And the sun's going down.
Come on. Let's hop to it!
Ooh, a bunny pun.
Got to like that.
Picture time, guys!
Okay! Here we come!
Wake up! Wake up!
- Awesome!
Oh, Peter! Get the folks upstairs!
- Aye, aye, Captain.
Come on, everybody.
Here we go!
Whoo-hoo!
It's Maui time!
We're meeting in the lobby!
Okay!
-  See you there!
-  Whoa!
- Whoo-hoo!
- Higher!
- Water.
- No! There's no time for tea.
-  Mmm.
- Merlin! A little help?
Oh! Uh, oh, ah.
- Chapeauious Bowlious!
-  Oh!
Oh, waiter,
there's a carp in my cap.
Yikes!
Do you think all the villains
will show up?
Hmm. Not all.
Going down?
Hold the...
elevator.
Huh?
♪ I'm in the mood to help you, dude ♪
- Hey, Frosty! Shake a leg, will ya?
The leg won't make a difference.
It's all in the wrist.
- Oi!
I haven't seen a fall like that
since Rome.
Oh! Much better.
♪ Every guy here
Would love to be you, Gaston ♪
- Huh?
Let's move it, gentlemen!
Ooh! Ooh, help, and bother.
Uh-huh. Meeting in the lobby.
Don't eat those.
- Zuk, zuk!
Come on, puppies.
You're gonna have nightmares.
Whoa!
Oo-De-Lally.
Thank you...
for holding...
- the elevator.
-  I am also going to the lobby.
-  Huh?
Oh, come on!
- Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no...
Hey, Max!
- Eric, get your dog!
- Go, Max, go!
♪ Trust in me
Just in me ♪
Kaa? Kaa! You-- You stop that now, Kaa!
Don't worry, Mickey.
I got this.
Huh.
Hmm.
Oh, Mickey, where are you?
We're in the lobby!
Got to go, but thanks.
On with the show.
- Oh!
- Coast is clear, Mick.
-  Great!
Right this way!
- Oh! Ralph, you okay?
Never better, Garfield.
- I'm surrounded by idiots.
- Tally ho!
Whee! I'll show you the world!
-  Oh, great. The ladder!
I don't recollect if I've ever mentioned
Old Reliable before.
- He'd say, uh...
- Make it pink.
Make it blue.
Okay, everybody.
Get-- Get together now.
Oh! After you.
- No touchy!
-  Huh?
- It is time.
Thank you.
Goofy, careful!
All right.
Now where's that timer button?
Oh, oh! Three, two, one!
Well, that was fun.
Maybe we can try again
in another hundred years.
Oh, no, no, no. Come back.
It-- It-- It'll be fine. It'll be...
♪ Anything your heart desires ♪
♪ Will come to you ♪
I knew this was gonna happen.
♪ If your heart
Is in your dream ♪
♪ No request is too extreme ♪
♪ When you wish up-- ♪
♪ As dreamers do ♪
♪ Fate is kind ♪
♪ She brings to those who love ♪
♪ The sweet fulfillment of ♪
♪ Their secret longing ♪
♪ Like a bolt out of the blue ♪
♪ Fate steps in ♪
♪ And sees you through ♪
♪ When you wish upon a star ♪
♪ Your dreams come true ♪